Between The Past and Present of LifeShe would always treasure the moments with herself after school hours. By the neighbourhood pavement, in the streets close to the pink house that she had inherited. In a pensive motion, she kicked the palm tree leaves on the floor during yet another autumn of her life. She opens the gate, which dragged. It’s little Ana who welcomes her, smiling and jumping up and down, nearly tripping on one of the stones in the garden. With a puppy face, despite being five years old, she’s always anxious to see her mother who arrives tired from work. “Oh, sweetie, are you sleepy!” Ana nods yes, already pulling her mother’s hand to sit on the solid wooden swing. Installed years ago, after three stepping stones, which were misaligned and unfixable, in the corner of the entrance of the porch. The briefcase with the schoolbooks is left on the third step, and at last the two lulled, letting each other’s hair be taken away by the end of the afternoon’s wind, without sun. With smiles from mother and daughter, ever close, and practically alone in that place. It’s Mrs Bernadete who interrupts their train of thoughts. Ana, nearly asleep, doesn’t even realize the sweet nanny, that whispers goodbye to the mother, closing the gate. Making so much noise, closing it, that it drowns down the sound of the bus stop that was far ahead. Mrs Bernadete, an old acquaintance of the bus driver, manages to get on the bus.“Mammy, are we going to play?” Ana awoke with all the commotion at the gate or from the street, bringing her mother back to reality, “Can we please”!“What do you want to play?” I know, we can pretend that it’s nighttime, and we need to take a shower and go to bed, could we do that?“No way, mammy.” At that moment, Ana runs to the garden and shows a hole full of water next to the rosebush, now flowerless. “Look at this, Mrs Bernadete and made a pool for my polys. Do you want to see!”They began removing the miniature dolls from Ana’s clay puddle little spoons, tiny pans, small plates, and teacups, all in pink plastic, now completely stinky.“What is this, sweetie? Whose idea was this?” While trying to take the little outfits and shoes of the small dolls that were in the mud, the water pipe burst outs. “Help!!!,” the poor mother cried out. Seeing her mother filthy with mud, on her face, hair, and the teacher’s uniform now unrecognizable, Ana in a burst of laughter says, “I knew you were going to like this game, mammy.”Mother and daughter laugh. Both painting mud on each other’s faces with muddy fingers, removing the remaining toys from the clay puddle, with the pipe leaking out everywhere. They ended up drenched in mud. They didn’t even realize there was someone approaching the pathway, from behind the wall where the two were fallen. “Everything alright girls?” It was Marcelo, the previous gardener to Ana’s paternal grandmother. Startled, the two stoop up, and declared “Yessssss!”Mr Marcelo laughed and at the same time looked frightened at the downpour that had now reached the street. With a sweet gesture, he helped the two down the staircase and around the puddle of water, coming closer to the nozzle, to seal off the leak with his hands. “Could you get me some insulating tape that’s on the wooden box over there by the bench?” I’m going to try to fix this, I remember this pipe well. Marcelo says, while Ana lets her mother get her the tape and help him, staying sat down watching an incredible doll’s pool scene. Marcelo continues to fix the pipe. Ana watches her mother, a little nervous, removing the water from the puddle, taking out even more toys buried, so that Marcelo could pass the tape to mend. He was nearly finished when he heard:“Mr Marcelo, I found something here that I can’t get out, I don’t think it’s a toy, it looks flat… Can you please help me?”A glass jar, previously used for pickling and peach, pears, cucumber, pumpkin jams, was now in the house of two workers and in the drenched garden under a clayish soil. She tried to open the jar but panicked and was ready to throw the glass at the corner of the wall, when at last, the rusted latch from the jar and it opened. Inside it, there was a plastic bag with a note in it, decorated with letters in cursive, signed: ‘To Sofia, with love.’“Mammy, what did find in the Polly pond? Can you show me? Is it a Santa letter, mammy?” Ana has always loved Christmas letters, although not knowing how to write yet. She left the staircase and went to her mother, until she was taken by the hand to sit together under the lit porch.Mr Marcelo, who had finished the repair, staying still watching the two. Smiling in the corner and sat on the old staircase, while he heard the daughter – in -law of Mrs Maria reading the letter:Dear Sofia,In this letter I retell a story, that will be left with Mrs Bernadete and Mr Marcelo, my lifelong trusted friends. Perhaps, no longer in this place, with palm tree leaves fallen every October and before Christmas, or where the rosebush decorating and scenting every Spring. Maybe, I don’t know when, but I hope you are in the midst of smiling. I need to tell you that my son Gustavo, your boyfriend who left us too soon, was in love with you. He was on a trip to the countryside to see a house for you in the country, as he was planning to propose to you.I know everything that happened, and I got angry because at that moment I heard about the accident, I believed it was your fault that he died. I could never speak to you again. Sofia, Gustavo told me you were pregnant and I, probably I’m not here to see my grandson or daughter grow up, but I want you to know that we love you and that you are not guilty of anything. I feel so sorry for you, for me, for Gustavo and for all of us. I hope you’re happy!Please forgive me,MariaSofia was paralysed… she hugs her daughter almost asleep, watching Marcelo in tears, rolling down her friend’s wrinkled and dirty face. Marcelo remembered well the day Maria called him and his wife Bernadete and asked to dig a hole in the garden, so that one day her son’s pregnant girlfriend could find the letter. It was Marcelo who found Sofia after Maria’s death, to deliver her mothers-in-law’s house will, that she had left in the account of her son and the baby that Sofia was having. She asked them to create a beautiful moment for Sofia to find the letter.With a hug, Marcelo followed the two to the door entrance of the house. In silence, a witness of an understanding about the past, that now no longer hurts so much, Sofia and Ana made their way to the bathroom, filthy and happy. Marcelo closed the gate, and beneath the noise, he recalled that he needed to come back the following day, to fix the old pink house.  