Stars             The puppy looked up at Remy, a brown patch covering half her face—she sniffed, walked away, then jumped on a patch of grass and dirt along the edge of the patio pavers.       Dogs. Dumb as stumps.       Remy shook his head, sighing with a snort. White fur bobbing as she scratched at the grass, trotted in a circle, then scratched some more. The week before, it was a dead frog-skin she gnawed at in the yard. Josh found it in her crate that evening, frowning as he dropped the dried skin in the garbage.      Damn fool –Remy thought. Josh had nearly been home free; one kid graduated and out of the house. The second would finish school in a year, and the youngest would be out in two years. Then he went and got the puppy. Didn’t even realize he was tying himself down all over again. The puppy was too little for Remy to get mad at it though. She scratched the ground some more. One hand on the glass patio table, he bent over a black corner protruding from the dry, grey soil. Sprinkler must not be going. Josh oughtta pull these weeds.       “Get outta here.”       He snapped at the puppy, brushed it away. Squinting, he pushed his glasses up on his nose and dug two fingers around the edge of a small shape. The box was only half-covered in loose dirt and grass clippings; a thin black bow was glued to the top. Inside the bottom of the box read, Gittelson Jewelers Custom-design Fine Jewelry Minneapolis.       “Heh.”       With a half-sigh-half-wheeze, he straightened his back. Michael Gittleson. Hadn’t seen Micheal since Gene’s funeral. He tried to remember. Gene was at least eight years older. Remy remembered how Gene had offered him his hand at Carolyn’s funeral just as a quiver behind eyes made his throat catch. Maybe Gene had heard him breath in deep to steady himself. Could be more than a decade now that Gene had lost his wife, too. Remy tried to keep track of that sort of thing.      He locked the front door with the spare, then navigated the stairs to the sidewalk. The red-brick Victorian house with its sloping lawn just a block from the lake was on a historical register. Josh had done well for himself. Remy grabbed the rail to his right when the heel of his shoe caught on the steps.       “Damn stairs.”       Too long. Damn it. He wanted to help, but he knew Josh wasn’t listening when he told him the realtor-lady was no good. Too young. Remy stopped giving advice. He came to let the puppy out when Josh was at the hospital. Carolyn would want him to give the kids a hand. Josh had warned him on the phone earlier that Rose wanted to ask him out for coffee.       She is going to ask you about your apartment, how much the payments are, how much I put down, the name of the realtor. Don’t say anything. I’ll talk to the lawyer later. Just say you’ll get back to her. Be nice - remember the good things about her as a daughter-in-law.             					//            Head tilted to the side; he rested it on his bony hand. Blue veins bulged, his eyes closed, legs crossed. Heat blurred in ripples that hovered above the coffee before tapering off in the yellowing afternoon light. Remy stayed like that – immobile.      “Hey, Remy! Ya’ sleeping out here at the coffee shop? How long ya’ been here?”      Rose’s deep throaty laugh filled the air. The tiny diamond earrings that had belonged to Carolyn stood out on Rose. The oval earrings had looked delicate on Carolyn’s graceful figure. On Rose, they looked unambiguous. They blinked sunlight at Remy who looked past the intersection and toward the lake, without seeing either. Rose stood next to the table, squinted in the light, and smiled. Her Fendi bag looked expensive. With her left hand, she pulled the strap off her shoulder. Carolyn’s diamond engagement ring cast back more sunlight at him. 	Straightening his back from a comfortable slouch, he felt an inward tug as he thought of Carolyn.	“Well, hello. How are you, Rose?”	“Great.”       Rose, upbeat like always, sat down. A morning breeze ruffled his fine brown hair flecked with grey. Sometimes even a scent on the air reminded him of Carolyn now that she was gone. Rose adjusted the bag on the chair, tucking dark hair behind one ear with the other hand. 	“Carolyn’s earrings.”       He paused. Back then, Carolyn had bargained down the price of the earrings by giving Gene a photographer’s contact for an advertising campaign at the jewelry store.	“We got those for her years ago. Never took them off until the chemo.”	Rose looked down at her purse on the seat next to her and adjusted it again.       “Yeah, too bad she had to go through chemo. Wouldn’t wish radiation on my worst enemy either,” she said without looking up.	“We were lucky to have her as long as we did.” 	It was the response that kept Remy afloat every time he thought of Carolyn.	“You finally got everything settled in the new apartment?”       Rose shifted the conversation.	“Yup.”      It was Remy’s turn to sound chipper.	“Good.”	He looked again toward the lake. Light flickered on the water. 	“Yeah. I got new blinds. Laila came with me to pick them out this summer. I just ordered them last month though. Picked ‘em up at Menard’s yesterday.”	Rose smiled. 	“Laila.”      She articulated the name.       “Is she coming for a visit?” 	“Nah. Not now.”	“Yeah. She’s always real busy,” Rose said.	Laila had called him when Carolyn had her radiation.      “Dad, she always picks up for me. It’s not like Mom. It’s been three days. I’ve never had to leave a message. She calls me right back if she’s busy with a client.”      She sounded frantic. No. She sounded critical. He did not know where his ex-wife was at that moment. After their divorce Carolyn had been gracious but kept the news of the tumor from him. Laila told him even though Carolyn had not wanted her to mention it. Remy did not say anything about it to Carolyn. 	“Laila, she’s tired and doesn’t want to answer. For Godsake.”       Laila lived in France. His daughter was emotional – made a drama about everything, he thought. But after work, he went to Carolyn’s. She was semi-conscious.	“That time I went over to Carolyn’s and found her on the ground, she couldn’t get up. I helped her off the bathroom floor and back to bed. She couldn’t wear the earrings during radiation treatment. She stopped wearing her ring then, too - think she was afraid she might lose it. She’d lost weight. She was already thin to start,” he said. 	After he had found Carolyn, the kids had called the oncologist; Carolyn had not told any of them her treatment had been suspended because of the advancing metastasis. Laila got on a plane when she found out, but Carolyn slipped out of consciousness and was gone before Laila landed. Remy wondered what Laila thought when she saw Rose wearing Carolyn’s earrings for safekeeping at the funeral. Wondered if Laila had said anything to her brother. Now Josh decided what could be said or not to Rose after all the lawyering-up. He muddled through the divorce, splitting marriage property, dealing with the mortgage.	The latte stood between them. Remy studied it. He took a sip; his glasses fogged with heat. He pushed them up on the bridge of his nose again.	“You talk to Josh?” Rose asked.	“Nope.”       His response was final. The traffic light at the intersection changed. Cars took off in tempo with crosswalk signals in the other direction, guiding runners like ducks crossing the street, back to their homes after the 3.2-mile circle around the lake on their Friday run. Their motions timed and choreographed. 	“Remy, do you need a hand with anything at your place? Want me to come over?” 	“Nah.”       Late last August, as part of their settlement, Rose had demanded the one-bedroom condo that had been an investment just three years prior. Remy lived there and insisted on the rent— didn’t want to be a burden on them. Months after Rose took the place, his things were still in boxes, unpacked in stacks in a temporary rental. The rest was in storage. No. He didn’t need help. 	“Just gotta finish getting a few boxes out of the way. Getting the closets straight. I can do it.” 	“I…”	“Come on. I’ll walk you to the car,” he said.      He put the paper cup down, collected his phone and keys. Carolyn would have been relieved if he could navigate the meeting with Rose. Rose gave a snort of irritation under her breath. She took her purse off the chair and stood. Remy turned, looking down to check he had enough space between where he had planted his feet when he got up and the position of his chair after pushing it back. In the time it would take to blink, he glimpsed Rose’s hand pushing her thick black hair behind her ear, the engagement ring on one finger and a single diamond earring in profile flashing like Morse code to Remy. She fished for the keys to her white Mercedes without finding them, then thread her arm through the strap of the bag—pulled it across her chest like body armor. She tucked her shoulders back, her head tilted up.	“I can make it by myself. Stay and finish your coffee. I’ll come by tomorrow to see if you need anything. Just stay,” she said.	She smiled before turning toward the parked car. He countered her flatly—      “I’m going out tomorrow.”	She was nothing like Carolyn, he thought. Then he thought how the days were getting shorter. The position of the sun, hovering low in the sky, sent light that felt warm on his face. Remy needed to head back to let the puppy out again, but for now he sat back down and looked toward the lake, the empty sky, and the pale violet line forming on the horizon. He closed his eyes, rested his elbow on the table, leaning his head once again on his hand. The warmth reminded him it was the end of August. In a few months, it would snow, the lake would be covered with ice. Carolyn had been gone fifteen years now. When he opened his eyes, the sun was settling behind the trees circling the water’s edge. Light quivered on the surface of the water, bending in prisms. Violet gave way to a faint nocturnal light that swelled over the lake and black outline of trees and a house. The barely-there-haze of the moon. Nearby, Venus, never far from the sun, like on a bracelet, glowed. The stars had begun to show and blinked at him. —two diamonds at dusk blushing light. Morse code—dash, dot, dot. Dash, dash….